I banos yen the lyrics hurt by Donald J
Trump done her and I failed I admit it a
try and [ __ ] her she was married I moved
on her like a [ __ ] but I couldn't get
there she was married I was senior it's
just got the big phony tickets I just
watched I've got the news on I just
watched Hillary's concession speech and
I was actually live streaming it and you
guys all got to see me cry
they owed the wall they all the wall my
friends are very liberal people I spend
most of my time with her very liberal I
spend my days on the internet which is
obviously a very liberal place and I
feel like I just have been hearing over
and over again anti-trump anti-trump oh
my god I can't believe he's even option
when is one is you know this gonna end
and people just feel like kidding sir
prank bro you know like that's what I'm
used to seeing and then he won he will
grab you you stop regardless of the
outcome we are clearly a deeply divided
and broken country so much work ahead to
mend heal and restore the you in USA two
hours later we are now under tour
Republican rule textbook fascism [ __ ]
you white America [ __ ] you you racist
misogynist pieces of [ __ ] good night
zero to 100 real quick by the way did
you forget that you're white here's a
reminder you're [ __ ] white and that's
not fascism sweetheart that's democracy
so literally hitler was elected but why
how could this have happened shoe how
could it mean get into office well buddy
boy let's someone who doesn't know [ __ ]
about politics explain to you why this
occurred yeah I wonder why I Dinah Jung
Hwan faretta yeah I'm a I'm a movement
people yeah I kept on saying [ __ ] Donald
Trump [ __ ] down the chap that made blad
three times bigger than Hillary Clinton
yeah [ __ ] [ __ ] Donald Trump wait bump
your car yeah I'll get you a new hairdo
[ __ ] ass [ __ ] I like my folks round
like you all the [ __ ] wanna fight you
yeah [ __ ] Donald Trump
[ __ ] down truck we all kept on trying to
down him he up there so give me use
y'all y'all as a as a stepping stone
here as a stepping stool I'm like he
used offers come up i mean itís should
go yeah me I'm each other down something
come up I've never thought I'd be next
to this guy man let him talk let him
speak shut up Lane speed I think they
believe you said Donald Trump just
season I'm here folks I'm here how you
doing oh well you know I have some kids
and myself included but I have kids they
think you are the best the absolute best
ah that's pretty cool I'll tell you my
little daughter Ivanka and my son Eric
these people they just love your they
love your music I did a concert in the
White House and after that man dynaco
hug our peoples going like I'm jump gets
50 cent and Donald Trump of my idols man
that's a good combination are we gonna
hear anything in the future with 52nd
Donald Trump well I don't know maybe
we'll do something together let's do a
song write up some good lyrics talking
to you grab you I don't you grab you
Babu say me what now yes I supposed to
be happy
when you're a star that lets you do it
with your star that lets you know it
when they were starter let you do it you
can do anything grab them by the sea
my [ __ ] oh you can do anything